[Music] Let's
see what's wrong with Ricky
damn it's happened I've analyzed the development
of all the skip c games and I've
realized something the winner of the skip Craft
1 Spanish one was Oli was Oli it's not
worth it the format was born because two
Spaniards and a Salvadoran wanted to
take the series to Minecraft it was the
growth pack in Rubius Auron's Stream
choca ibai and everyone was broadcasting on
Twitch the numbers were in Spain and the
final was starred by two Spaniards
winner of the squid game two
American twit once again produced its
most viral format this time
inviting foreign professionals
with a brutal advantage over the rest
they made the format explode in the country
where they generate the most money subscriptions
ads United States in the end it was
played between two foreigners ensuring
the victory of a non-Hispanic creator it
would be necessary to analyze if there were robberies or
strange things in the two winner of the
squid games 3 Latin Twitch
banned the creators of the event from
celebrating its third installment after
the new season premiered on
Netflix well I already explained this in my
exclusive this is basically because the the
this was negotiated in the summer, meaning these
games were negotiated in the summer And this
was in the 2024 twit budget it ca
n't be done in 2025 there was a
budget allocated for this and the
company works like this you want to do it
you have to do it if not the [ __ ] fear
for you okay so they were able to choose
the most manipulable tests to
classify those who were interested almost
all the games had factors
that randomly gave away points or positions
to curiously
blessed teams there are clicks that
destroy the victory of some teams and
perfectly show that the
effort didn't matter the finalists seemed to be
previously chosen s dude I mean [ __ ] and I think
we'll agree that we don't like
anyone Ricky Edi no but the
clip of the test of them of the rope
dude don't [ __ ] with me dude don't [ __ ] with me eh Ah
ah Come on come on come on
look at the flag dude Look at the
flag
dude What's going on What's going on I want to
see it very
J man Man
justsim P I'm
not going to give my opinion no ticket no ch ticket
No because yes  has chosen someone for
us to lose it has been the
organization to open a ticket for those who
have killed us it will be absurd if it
was them I am not going to blame him You're welcome
because the ser so the [ __ ] they have passed me
one they have passed me a clip let's see it has the I mean the
cli fails many times But
look that hits the ground man it's that they
literally hit the air yeah it fails
many times the c but look that
hits the ground set the time 2:41 241 set
the time 241 we all see it at the same time every
time come on you [ __ ] up why man Come on Come on Come on Come on,
for my
mental health I have a cliché I'm sorry eh I
have to close it because
nothing happens to me c I'll tell you one thing tomorrow That's a
Ticket clip eh that's a
Ticket clip when we're about to win
what is Pepe going to say for
that to happen they have to stop
clicking What the [ __ ] Ah the flag
not the flag of a lap man [ __ ]
is that don't [ __ ] with me don't [ __ ] with me
for sure when  we're about to win
the girl doesn't even click and gives her her Band and the
flag rises alone bro her
sights come off the rope every three dude I have
information that the rope's sensitivity is
touched Look [ __ ] I
really have information that the
rope's sensitivity is touched on
purpose I don't care what I
gave you guys haven't failed Nothing is
impossible that this has come back win
lose when everything is but we
have the flag on our side and
that this girl doesn't click and come back in they
passed me another one from that same team who
is also all
pas but let the one from the gpt chat
from the notes blog tell you, he's crazy, he's a
millionaire But send the Alien bus to
[ __ ] up the phobic breast Take it by the ass,
[ __ ] the gaa if they've cheated on him,
don't let him suck it, don't steal from a thief 1
year
sorry but you don't know what's going on dude,
what seems pathetic to me on the part of the
organization team is that they take him
and don't kick him out when they should have kicked him
out which was when he cheated or
rather the  another day he cheated and they didn't
kick him out because well the cheating didn't give him
the result he expected let's say I haven't
heard of a bigger joke in my [ __ ] life from
Comanche who on top of that
wrote to me Comanche telling me that your
video I got too farty Take a walk with
manche okay eh I haven't heard of a bigger
joke I mean it's not that
all these people cheated that Ricky did an
acting that was pathetic Okay and Y says No
but oh well to Ricky And we didn't
kick them out because we haven't seen that his
cheating modified many points I don't know
what Or it gave him many points and it's like he's
stupid I mean he cheated but since it did
n't work out at all Well come on
T [ __ ] are you telling me [ __ ] are you
telling me please Watch my live watch
my live watch my live watch my live
and he's opening the menu he's opening the
clothes menu but it can't be I
can't but I have mixed thoughts about this clip if you tell me in the bottom corner you can see an icon of a hand on
the rope and at no time does it disappear
that's why I don't know what hand of  the rope
which hand which rope see here an icon
of a hand on a rope What is the
icon of a hand the steel in the
corner you're getting away no and it's
opening the menu it's opening the
clothes menu but it can't be I can't get
lost
Stream Stream that's going to screw up your
whole life Open Stream the team that you're
seeing on my screen right now with
all the love Mario I love you so much
has won Look at this [ __ ] clip that I
think is incredible and I hope he wins an esang and
100 billion euros but Look at this
clip Look at this man come on come on Mario there was
a moment when he said to me he
really peeled me off a bit let's see the
clues from here pay attention to the subject Come on come on come on I ca
n't hear oh my god
I'm freaking out
Hero and I dude But are you seriously going to
defend this for me man are you seriously
defending this for me man that's not possible are you
seriously defending this for me man that
is the perfect Ricky [ __ ] him
But man they robbed it no they
clearly robbed it We shouldn't
ask How the game works  because I
don't understand I would also like to
know he left and then started
clicking randomly [ __ ] what are you
going to defend bad timing bad but
look what he did dude he went over
there Look let's go just when the flag
just when the flag was pulling
more in their direction you know how I am you're
telling me this This can't be done the
flag is moving like that dude it's like the
other team just stopped
playing [ __ ] up my whole life a
mound the team you're watching on
my screen right now with all my
love Mario I love you so much has
won Look at this [ __ ] clip which I
find incredible and I hope it wins a slang
and 100 billion euros but Look at
this clip come on Mario there was a
moment when he said to me he
really screwed me a bit let's see the
pizzas from here pay attention to the subject Come on come on come on I hear
us I'm
freaking out I say that we should
ask for respect How the game works because I do
n't understand I would also like to
know to beat them that way it was
suddenly noticed what they have done to us  we
were winning and he did it It's
cheating but [ __ ] the glasses
round thumbtack poetic for me seeing
those tears and mud gives me life
because today he's not sleeping in
Andorra what have they done loses I haven't stopped
clicking you haven't stopped ccar haven't stopped
clicking haven't stopped clicking the
footballers saw the clip now they haven't
stopped clicking until the last second
carche hasn't stopped clicking corco He doesn't
stop clicking we haven't stopped clicking
nobody on the other team who the [ __ ]
clicked like that to throw 10 people like that
my team was a team of sons of
[ __ ] who weren't going to stop clicking at
any moment I can assure you and you can
even see Will who didn't stop
clicking until the end was dead
underwater and he was clicking and we clicked
10 players at full speed we were going to
win and the flag flopped and they won
they tell me one they shouted Turbo when they got
tired I mean when we got tired
they shouted Turbo and why did they
beat us when we were going to win what
there they should be giving turbo because we
were going to win, I mean we were about to
win we've been nothing they're not going to
take it and they're going to say the
tests are repeated that was because he didn't write down the info
on the phone no no it's that it's outrageous
that eh it's outrageous that they don't kick him out
when he cheated and they steal from him right in his
[ __ ] face of course they would say car with the
myopia he has he's not going to see it or anything they're not going to do it they're
not going to revive half the
server because there's a group that
says Hey this What's going on here such It doesn't have to
be an ally with very Flow they are
counting backwards and the
teams that shouldn't have passed have passed
even I think that even if that happened there is
a small possibility that ufia
could just take it and say my mouth fell open
we didn't say anything we'll solve it for
next year and that's it the issue is that
the issue is that in the comeback was
when the clicks occurred totally
stolen the administration revived two
complete Latin teams for two people
expelled in the crossword puzzle Without giving
hardly any explanations but nevertheless
changed his clarification up to three times
due to complaints about the absurd deaths
of the Spanish on the rope we cannot
share technical information of the
server with the participants there
are no logs or click records on the
server it must have been a bug in the game we are
very sorry analyzing the Bot each
participant anyone can see that there
were teams with a clear advantage that
were eliminated without explanation it is
then when I realize what
really happened due to the vetoes
favoritism and the very expensive fix that
occurs when something should not have
happened it is very likely that this was the
last edition of the skid t wanted to
close the series with a winner from each
zone correcting the bad image that
meant giving 00,000 to a
professional and millionaire player from last year
the public believes that Twitch only takes
care of the money but not this year they have
denied more than 20 creators invited
by the organizers because they did not want to
give the opportunity to earn money to
profiles that broadcast on other platforms
or that have this I did not say this auron
also said but the truth is that I do not
see the point of this because this is this
brunenger for example no O  Spring we have not
been an advertisement for Twitch they have
used us to generate traffic I have been
banned from their events for two years
because I say things in public and I don't
mince my words eh but it's other
people that's why we are not banned anymore I
was not banned eh I was not banned
If I had managed to solve the
ban okay it was his fault I would have
played this I have been 3 years without
anyone paying attention to me they grabbed me such they
eliminated me as soon as they saw that a
group of trusting Andorran residents
could beat a team of Latinos tweet
written on the 16th of 11 But why is
this tweet published now Congratulations to
all the flats for the victory of soy
pan I don't understand places Why do you
send me why I don't understand it I don't
understand Ah that as it is bread bread visit
Uy uy uy u the bastard c Well well good
good And what else experiment concluded in
effect not a single Spanish retweet
crying over a game of cubes then
says he is not xenophobic and Dallas says  even
by cheating he wins nothing the pathetic one and
continues with his xenophobia Ed ona that
someone even wants to get together with
this guy anyway I'm glad to have
humiliated him in the debate since then
all his reputation went to [ __ ] the
truth is that yes eh in this the truth is I'm
full of Dallas you already know eh But not for
nothing Not because I get along better or worse with
Dallas but because I have
humiliated him that has left TR very beloved
eh Ricky eh I mean that I told
him when the Millionaire with
glasses shut up crying because of xenophobia in the
games and he went to k to throw [ __ ]
because they wouldn't take away his Twitch Partner
Ah yes he went here to throw [ __ ]
listen to me the humiliation
that Dallas gave Ricky in the
debate m I told Dallas When I
made the video that I made with him
when he uploaded his live afterwards I
told him I say this is something that he is not going to
overcome Eh This is something that he
keeps in the sidun there were no controversies in
the two and  three that you weren't there yes and in
London there were no controversies until they
kicked you out streamers if they want to kick
Javi out of their series think about it I see a
pattern face with raised eyebrow it's not that
when I'm there watching and all that
stuff well things are going well because I
'm there controlling people don't
want to give me videos you know they control themselves Let's
see let's see the thread of the best
moments of the squid games now
we'll see about selling now I'll see a couple
of controversies that I have around there to see
Well I think I still have to see about
Selin no and something else is that Selin doesn't see
no the bastard who got caught watching the
best moments the soccer games they thought they had
won that the winner was Vegeta who
decided not to participate those people
always avoid these problems eh
bull this thing this is
bull Ah they are celebrating because they think they have
won the
bull man Why does that guy look so much like
Will I know it's that he looks too much alike
eh I mean it's impossible for two people
in the world to look so alike
no 180 eliminated player  182 eliminated
player
we were the other team eliminated player
193 we were the team dobro player 133
eliminated player 48 eliminated player
71 eliminated
89 eliminated oh oh Pablo
no after celebrating there is no
rush no and panos finish off the
French I don't believe it no I don't believe it we'll kill
the French no I don't believe it I can't
believe it I can't
believe it kid Rich is trolling well
We don't give a [ __ ] about this no we don't
give a [ __ ] about this no
[Music]